# Our main goal is to try to visualize the impact of one of the longest time scale processes in the universe (i.e molecular evolution over 100s millions of years) on one of the shortest time scale processes (i.e. molecular motion over femtoseconds). If you find this idea exciting, consider joining our coding efforts on GitHub.  DROIDS-1.0 (Detecting Relative Outlier Impacts in molecular Dynamic Simulation) is a GUI-based pipeline that works with AMBER16, Chimera 1.11 and CPPTRAJ to analyze and visualize comparative protein dynamics on GPU accelerated Linux graphics workstations.  DROIDS employs a statistical method (multiple test corrected KS tests on all backbone atoms of each amino acid) to detect significant changes in molecular dynamics simulated on two homologous PDB structures.  Quantitative differences in atom fluctuation and atom correlation (i.e. vector trajectories) are displayed graphically and mapped onto movie images of the protein dynamics at the level of individual residues.  P values indicating significant changes are also able to be similarly mapped.  DROIDS is useful for examining how mutations or binding interactions affect protein dynamics.DROIDS was produced by student effort at the Rochester Institute of Technology under the direction of Dr. Gregory A. Babbitt as a collaborative project between the Gosnell School of Life Sciences and the Biomedical Engineering Dept.  Visit our lab website (https://people.rit.edu/gabsbi/) and download DROIDS 1.0 from Github at https://github.com/gbabbitt/DROIDS-1.0. We will be posting video results periodically on our youtube channel at https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJTBqGq01pBCMDQikn566Kw 